#
# Requires:
#		ref translate-la
#

task t01-la translate "The girl walks slowly." "Puella lente ambulat." &translate-la
task t02-la translate "The sailors always work." "Nautae semper labōrant." &translate-la
task t03-la translate "The daughters sing well." "Fīliae bene cantant." &translate-la
task t04-la translate "Today the poets tell a story, and the girls listen." "Poētae hodiē fābulam nārrant, et puellae spectant." &translate-la
task t05-la translate "The women suddenly enter the island and look at the stars." "Fēminae subitō īnsulam intrant et stēllās spectant." &translate-la
task t06-la translate "The friends often wait." "Amīcae saepe exspectant." &translate-la
task t07-la translate "The pupils shout badly." "Discipulae male clāmant." &translate-la
task t08-la translate "Tomorrow the farmers prepare dinner." "Agricolae crās cēnam parant." &translate-la
task t09-la translate "The poets suddenly tell stories, and the girls quickly prepare dinner." "Poētae subitō fābulās nārrant, et puellae celeriter cēnam parant." &translate-la
task t10-la translate "Both the pirates and the sailors always fight." "Et pīrātae et nautae semper pugnant." &translate-la
task t11-la translate "Neither the poets nor the farmers tomorrow work." "Nec poētae nec agricolae crās labōrant." &translate-la
task t12-la translate "Soon the daughters dance." "Fīliae mox saltant." &translate-la
task t13-la translate "Now the sailors fight." "Nautae nunc pugnant." &translate-la
task t14-la translate "The women immediately call the girls." "Fēminae statim puellās vocant." &translate-la
task t15-la translate "The daughters today quickly prepare dinner." "Fīliae hodiē celeriter cēnam parant." &translate-la
task t16-la translate "The sailors always work, and the farmers today prepare dinner quickly." "Nautae semper labōrant, et agricolae hodiē celeriter cēnam parant." &translate-la
task t17-la translate "The women suddenly shout, and the pupils often watch the stars." "Fēminae subitō clāmant, et discipulae saepe stēllās spectant." &translate-la
task t18-la translate "The pirates fight tomorrow, and the sailors now call the friends." "Pīrātae crās pugnant, et nautae nunc amīcās vocant." &translate-la
task t19-la translate "The daughters dance slowly, and the friends soon stand." "Fīliae lente saltant, et amīcae mox stant." &translate-la
task t20-la translate "The poets tell stories well, and the daughters immediately praise the family." "Poētae bene fābulās nārrant, et fīliae statim familiam laudant." &translate-la
